The Joe Rogan experience. Thing. Have you seen a hundred percent seen the, uh,
I watched on the plane the other day, the dickcheey movie with, uh,
I haven't heard it's great though. Oh, you must watch this.
What's that called chain vice vice with, uh, Christian bale.
Right. He gained like 70 pounds for it.
Unreal in this movie. He is great at everything he does.
He's in a whole nother gear. He turns into this guy, man, and it's so crazy.
He's just a guy working for hallibur, you know,
he is running all this military stuff and has all this experience with,
you know, politics, but he is really just a business owner. So working,
what could he.
Looks like? Incredible he's has.
Real.
How many fat guys saw that movie and go if I just lost Wayne, I have a crush.
Bear. Yeah.
It could be Batman, man. You got dead inside of me. I could be Batman.
I got Batman inside of me. <laugh> I mean, I got these Pugy wrists and up hands,
but if I just, wow, he, I gotta see it.
Is crazy.
In this. Is that him with, or they're next to each other?
That next to each other. Oh, just picture, picture next to each other. Wow.
He got fat. Huh? He went for it. He really went for it, man.
It's so good. You really? I mean,
it really exposes that part of things. How close,
you know, you can he's he wants, you know,
he's running a massive business. Makes military stuff.
So us having to do stuff, benefits him. Oh dude. It's tremendously.
It's one of the most transparent scams.
That's legal in the history of the world. Yeah.
Just pause and think about how crazy everybody's going on about this Trump call
to Ukraine and whether or not there was enough to impeach him and all this
madness. He been going crazy about this, right? This is like, this is the topic.
And I've heard many Democrats go. There's nothing here, folks.
You gotta back up. This is not enough to take a guy outta office.
The Republicans are never gonna vote for this. Like you, you guys are you're.
You're making a big mistake here. Now think,
imagine a guy who's the vice president.
It of the United States who is also a guy who
used to be the CEO of Haliburton.
Then this guy decides to go to war under false pretenses.
They make up some about weapons of mass destruction.
They blow this place of smithines and then Halliburton
it's no bid contracts. I mean,
this wasn't someone saying I can do it for 3 billion. I can do it for 2.7.
There wasn't any of that.
There was a no bid contract for billions of dollars to repair the places
they blow up <laugh> and he was making money off of it.
It's crazy. I think for the first year or something like that, I,
I wanna know when Dick Channey was actually making money off of Halliburton.
I think he had a band in his position or give up his stocks or something,
but it was a while. It was, it was,
it was one of those things where you're like, wait, wait, wait, you just left.
You just left.
And then the company you just left is now getting no bid contracts in the
billions, am I stupid? Right? How,
how are you allowed to do this on television in front of everybody.
In the movie? And you know,
in the movie also shows how much of the president's ear he really had, dude,
because the president, the George w him to win it.
He needed him to run with him to get the, you know,
the real like Republican votes at the time. For sure. Yeah. For sure.
No one else was, you know, could do what he could do. He needed them.
Yeah.
He was, uh, deeply, deeply, deeply connected. Yeah. But it was also bushed.
Didn't want not doing any of that. Like you go ahead and handle it.
Son. Yeah. Yep. That was the deal that they made fishing. At least in the movie.
That's the deal that they made basically. Cause he's like.
Who plays Bush?
Someone unbelievable. It's what's his name? God. It's Sam Rockwell.
I think it is. Yeah. Is it? Yeah. He's unreal. I mean,
this movie was so easy to watch.
I never it's one of those movies where like halfway through it. You're like,
I hope never ends hope. And Sam rock long.
Who plays Bush. Sam Rockwell. Yeah. Did you ever see the moon move movie? No,
just moon. There it is.
You see the two billboards that Rockwell.
Looks like Bush. Yeah. <laugh> that's amazing.
He's got the eyebrows down.
Steve Correll destroys a is Donald Rumsfeld. Oh, of course he does.
Correll's a beast dude. He's.
Unreal in this.
They make Rumsfeld look like basically what he was just a big duests that like,
you know, would get out and do his own thing.
And they'd have to control Rumsfeld. You wanna.
Hear another conspiracy theory that you probably don't know?
It's gonna blow your mind. Let's do it the day before nine 11,
the day before the attacks Rumsfeld gave a press conference
where he talked about trillions of dollars missing the day,
then a plane slams into the very part of the building where they were doing
the accounting
blows up half the building of the petagon blows up a wall.
Donald Rumsfeld was on. Where was it? The white house lawn. Listen to this.
This is a, I, this is like 10 minutes. But is that the Pentagon?
This is on CS span. Yeah, you can look it up right now.
Just li we gotta get to the quote where he says mentions $2.3 trillion.
In missing receipts. Talks about his quote adversary. <laugh>.
But see if you can just find the quote, see the just there's.
I know there's YouTube videos. You're uh,
what are you looking at is looking for.
CSPA clips on here on CSPAN. You can usually get.
It there if you just Google it on. Don't even do that. Just go through YouTube.
Oh, that's where the, um,
I know <laugh> have to see it cuz you hear him say it and you're like,
wait, what the did he just say.
Not on foreignterrorist threat, but the.
48 Billion.
Yeah. Uh, there it, oh yeah. I think that's it right there.
Let's see what it already spends. According.
To some estimates, we cannot track 2.3 trillion in transactions.
2.3.
<Laugh>.
Okay. Now again,
somebody told you that literally like right before nine 11 happened,
they said they, they couldn't track 2.3 trillion.
You'd go. No, that didn't happen. That did not happen. But it did happen.
What the.
Yeah. So think about what Kennedy said. Yeah.
Think about what you saw when you saw that vice movie. We're Dick Channey.
Who was the CEO of halurton becomes the vice president and gets billions of
dollars in no bid contracts.
Now think about what we just saw with Donald Rumsfeld saying they couldn't find
$2.3 trillion. It know where, what?
I don't know mm-hmm <affirmative> I don't know.
It seems like we should have had it. We'll we'll keep looking. Oh no.
The spot where we looked just blew up.
Oh my God.
What the hell? Find out if that's true. If the, it was the accounting office,
cuz this is what I love to. I love to say it cuz it sounds good,
but let's make sure it's true. That that part blew up.
But either way that he did say,
and then they did get hit by a plane a couple of days later. <laugh>.
It's unbelievable. It's so crazy.
And no one talks about that trillion. No one talks about two trillions two.3.
Trillion two trillions, bigger than most countries, right?
That could build a whole nother country or something.
That's 2.3 million million.
Ooh. Isn't it? No, a thousand trillion is a billion, right?
A no a thousand billion. How, how? No, it's not even. Yeah. Th well.
A billions.
A trillion, a thousand million is a billion. Yeah. It is a thousand billion.
A trillion. Yeah. Mm-hmm <affirmative> a thousand.
Billion is a trillion and it's <laugh>.
It's 990 million, 2 billion, 3 billion.
Trillion. Is that really what it is?
It's 999 billion times two. Plus it wouldn't be billion.
Trillion.
A couple more billions. No.
It's we're so stupid. It's uh,
a hundred thousand and then a million and then 10 of those
is right. Yeah. Or a hundred of those.
A hundred millions. A billion. It's a hundred. So it's a hun.
Each one is a hundred. Oh.
Yeahtrillions a whole nother three zeros.
Another three zeros. Yeah.
That's so much.
How would you say that? Would you say, uh, look.
How big it looks written out. Oh my God. That's a, that's a million.
So that's a billion. That's a trillion. That's,
the word billion is referred exclusively to as a.
Million millions. A million millions. Okay. Wow. But how many is a trillion?
A billion. Millions. <laugh>.
No, it's a million millions.
Uh, trillions and million millions. Uh-huh oh, well what's a billion.
A thousand millions.
Okay. That makes sense. A million millions. So it's 2.3 million millions.
No. Whew. That seems like a lot to be missing. Yeah. Boom,
plane hits a Pentagon. Everybody stops talking about it.
When was the last time you heard about that? 2.3 trillion. Never.
That didn't come up all the times. We were talking about flight nine, three.
Let's roll. Remember that? Let's roll.
That's what they said right before they went up to kick her house.
And that's why that plane hit the ground.
It didn't kill all the fine people that it was going towards the white true,
whatever.
Outta here in British terms, British English, which is not American English,
the word billion referred exclusively to a million millions,
however is no longer common. And the word is now used to mean 1000 millions.
So if anybody is in another country and is confused, that's.
Why it seems like if that would've.
Gotten, that makes sense. Thousand million makes sense.
Million million doesn't make sense.
It seems like if that would've gotten out that, that, that, that,
that money was missing. That the whole country could have revolted. Like,
I mean that's what, what did you do with our tax money?
That's our money right's.
But that's a way to steal 2.3 trillion. If you're, if you go,
if you stole 2.3 trillion and want to cover red up, start a war, right? I mean,
boom. Immediately everybody's freaking out. They can't believe what's going on.
I mean, that's what the tin, foil hat, uh, brigade would say,
what does this saysu scholars find 21 trillion unauthorized government
spending. Oh my God, this is recent.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> 21 trillion in unauthorized government spending defense
department to conduct first ever audit. Oh, they've never audited before.
Why would they audit? They just get free money.
They're not like a regular company, right? The defense.
Department's not like a company where like all the stockholders are going, Hey.
Face. What are you doing? I got, you know,
a hundred thousand shares of your stupid company.
Your CEO's running into the ground. No, they don't even have to audit.
They don't, they don't do. They just take that Chah. Oh, we, we missing,
you know, 21 trillion or whatever, whatever. I don't even know what that is.
It's a thousand million billion or something. 21, whatever.
<laugh> come on. Doesn't.
Even include the last four years. That's.
Just come on. So the last four years we've been good.
Don't don't pay attention to that. Ha ha. Last four years, we,
we haven't misspent at all.
Mm-m <negative> that's what Kennedy was talking about.
Literally not saying that anyone, you know,
I'm absolutely not saying nine 11 was an inside job. I don't think it was.
But I am saying that when things happen and disasters take place,
people capitalize on those disasters.
And if it's possible
that someone was going to set something up,
some sort of an attack and they're gonna do it because they were
in the process of stealing something or gonna steal something.
It would have to be a lot, but like, wait a minute, what are they gonna do?
How much money would it be worth it to start a war that might be the number
2.3 trillion. That might be the number.
Like if you like what's how much would it cost to start a war?
If you're evil anyway. Hmm. We just start a war for a hundred million, man.
I can't spread that thin enough. You know, I gotta,
I gotta grease a lot of palms. We're gonna start a war.
Why are we starting a war? What's going on? Wow. We gotta get this oil man.
And I don't know how to do it. I'm thinking of just,
I don't like the world trade center. It's.
Just.
It's hilarious. I just Googled. How much have we spent in Afghanistan?
You wanna guess how much that number equal up.
To? Okay. I'm gonna guess. Whoa, ever in AF Afghanistan.
No, no. This says, uh, published. Uh, the thing I just found,
which I was going off of congressional budget office reported report published
in October, 2007, said, oh, could this is in a potential spending. Okay.
Don't us. The number a potential spending. Then this is potential.
What they wanted to spend as of 2007.
What they wanted to spend plan to spending. Well, how much did they spend?
Did they spend more or less? Not.
They think they spent way more. Okay. Let's.
Just guess what, how much, what do you think the number is? Geez.
This is a tough one. Um.
In Afghanistan, only in Afghanistan. That's what it says. Uh.
Actually it says IRA and.
Afghanistan, rock county. I'm gonna go with 113 trillion. Whoa.
That's a lot. That's a lot. I'm gonna go with, uh, I'm gonna go with, uh,
100 billion. What is.
It? They.
Conveniently planned on spending $2.4 trillion. Wow.
Which was a very convenient at number after we lost 2.3, but he,
they spent closer to like six or so this.
Is the worst. This is like,
if you check somebody's accounting books and they just have stick figures with
Googley eyes, <laugh>.
The fact is the exact same amount of money. Like what are the odds? Yeah.
That is so crazy. But it's not like.
We covered it.
Up. Good. They'll never imagine that that that's your laundering.
That's your money laundering war. It's not, but it is right.
Like if you're, if you are someone that makes weapons
and you have a huge contract with defense department and you have the ear of the
defense partment and you know,
you guys play golf and you dress up like drids and burning effigy
worship. MOIC the God. And you start talking and you say, Hey man, um,
what do we gotta do to keep his, I got these tanks. I'm making, they are a.
Wouldn't it be great. Try 'em out. You know,
tell me why I guy got a deal for you.
And they just walk around playing golf can. And the next thing you know,